This ros package is used to demo 2-dimensional SLAM with a MuddBot via ROS's 
gmapping package. gmapping is a gridslam algorithm that automatically closes
loops and can produce good quality maps even with the noisy sensor data, 
such as the data returned from the MuddBot's odometry sources and the kinect.

Examples of previous, good maps produced can be seen in the examples/ directory.

Examples: 
   * commonError.png
      This map illustrates a common problem gmapping the entire Libra complex 
      encountered. Gmapping does well in long, straight, corridors whose sides
      can be used as continous reference frames. In the Galileo foyer, however,
      there are no such corridors. As such, gmapping often seems to think that
      this hallway is actually curved.
   * failure.pgm
      This map shows what happens if the problem with the Galileo foyer
      persists throughout the rest of the map (which it often did)
   * goodStart.pgm
      A map that did well through the foyer. Unfortunately, it fell apart soon
      after this image was saved. 
   * goodStartRviz.png
      The control window during the production of the map shown in 
      goodStart.pgm
   * success.pgm
      The best map produced to date. It is too scale, and rather accurate.

To run the demo:

This demo is run on two machines; The desktop machine doing all the heavy 
processing (preferrably arnold or strelka) and the laptop riding on board the
muddbot (preferrably zhuchka). If you are running like this, on two machines,
they must both be connected to the same wireless network, either Claremont or
Claremont-WPA. If you are using a sample bagged data set, only the desktop is
needed, so you can ignore all of the zhuchka settings. Otherwise, however, you
will need both computers, so these instructions will have two tracks.

Desktop: 
 If you're running from the sample bagged data set:
   1. Run 'roslaunch irobot_mudd2 deskbag.launch' and ignore the Zhuchka steps
 Else if you want to view the camera stream live*
   1. Run 'roslaunch slam2dDemo destkopWithCam.launch'
 Else if you do not want to view the camera stream live
   1. Run 'roslaunch slam2dDemo desktopWithoutCam.launch'

Zhuchka:
 If you want to see the camera on the desktop and control the muddbot from there
   1. Run 'roslaunch irobot_mudd2 robot.launch'.
 Else if you wnat to not see the camera and control the muddbot locally
   1. Run 'roslaunch irobot_mudd2 mobileRobot.launch'

* The difference in the display code between these two launch files is the rviz
  config file they load, so you can also change this live. The other difference
  is that the display with the camera loads the joystick control on the desktop
  while the display without the camera loads the joystick on the laptop.

Note that running from bagged data will only work on a machine with the 
bagged data in the specified directory 
(/home/robotics/ros_workspace/data/bl09_small.bag).

Note that these launch files will only work on a machine with the modified
version of gmapping installed (known as svn gmapping). If svn gmapping is
not installed, then change the 'pkg' option in the gmapping node to 
'gmapping' as opposed to 'svngmap'

Note that the terminal directory does not matter for any of these commands.
